# Anatomy of the Application and Lifecycle

In this lesson, I have explored how to respond to launching an app, entering a background state, returning to a foreground state, or exiting. I have gained knowledge about how an application is loaded into memory and about delegate hooks that allow logic to be executed at different stages of the application's lifecycle.

## What You Will Learn

- Identify and describe each life cycle event in the app and scene delegates
- Identify the correct life cycle events for executing logic to launch the app
- Identify the correct life cycle events for executing logic to enter or exit the background

## Vocabulary
- `active`: State in which the application is currently in the foreground and running.
- `application delegate`: Object that handles events in the application lifecycle.
- `application state`: Current condition of the application, such as active, in the background, etc.
- `background`: State in which the application is running but not visible to the user.
- `foreground`: State in which the application is currently visible to the user.
- `scene delegate`: Object that handles specific events of the scene in the application.


## Videos Apps

### `AppEventCount-Marcocrasi`

The seven tags are updated with application lifecycle events. Labels refresh correctly when the user triggers different events, such as navigating to the home screen and back, or triggering the app switching interface.

https://github.com/Marcoc-rasi/DEVELOPMENT-WITH-SWIF-DATA-COLLECTIONS/assets/51039101/acaba5bc-fab7-4b97-b19c-719de61afe19


### `AppLifeCycle-Marcocrasi`

This application focuses on exploring the AppDelegate.swift and SceneDelegate.swift files automatically generated by Xcode in each new project. Its purpose is to make it easier to understand the most common delegate methods used during the application lifecycle, especially during transitions such as switching from foreground to background.

Additionally, when running the application in the simulator, you see messages in the console that indicate key events, such as the completion of the application launch, connection of the scene to the session, entry of the foreground scene, and activation of the scene.

https://github.com/Marcoc-rasi/DEVELOPMENT-WITH-SWIF-DATA-COLLECTIONS/assets/51039101/e89203ff-51eb-4c9f-b8d2-4f4cf6112bf4

